Congratulations, because you're about to
have your biggest glow up. God removed a
parasite from your life, not to punish
you, but to protect you so that you can
finally start to shine. Hi guys, and
welcome back to my channel. My name is
Mika and today I want to talk about how
you can get over your ex really quickly
and shift from being in the loop of pain
to seeing it as relief and as a blessing
from God. Let's get into this. First of
all, let's be honest. Whether he
cheated, he disrespected you, or it
quietly ended, it is painful. It does
hurt. But pain is not always a problem.
Pain is not something we need to avoid
at all cost. Pain is actually something
like a portal. It challenges and pushes
us to get out of a situation that is not
serving us, that is not for our highest
good. Think about training your muscles.
When you start to train your muscles,
you are going to feel pain while working
out and after working out. But
ultimately, this pain is not to punish
you. This kind of pain is not signaling
you to stop. This pain is signaling you
you're on the right path. Your muscles
are growing. You're doing the work.
You're putting in the work. And you are
going to have your dream body if you
keep going. And that same way, you have
to see the pain of a breakup, the pain
of letting someone go. You're definitely
not crazy for missing him. You're not
crazy for crying at night. And you're
also not stupid for loving someone that
simply couldn't meet your standards. You
have to see breakups not as part of a
rejection. It's actually a part of a
revelation. It is revealing to you how
much you settled, how much you accepted,
how much you tolerated that you didn't
want to tolerate from life, from your
partner, from that relationship, from
the connection. It made you realize that
you actually wanted more. It made you
realize maybe even that part of it was
great, what you are actually looking for
in a partner, but part of it was not so
great. And to understand that and to see
that, I want you to take a piece of
paper and write down what made you feel
so good in this relationship. Write down
all the good moments, how you felt, and
what your exartner had done in this
moment that made you feel that way. Did
you feel cherished? Did you feel loved?
Did you feel supported? Did you feel
acknowledged? Did you feel happy, not
alone? And so on. And then as I said,
write down what the person did that made
you feel like this. Was it cooking for
you? Was it being there when you were
going through hard times? Was it just
cuddling with you on the sofa? Was it
sweet words? Was it planning dates? What
was it that made you feel this good
feeling? And then on the opposite, I
want you to write down what was not so
good in the relationship. What was
making you feel dismissed, hurt, angry,
sad, heartbroken, disrespected? Write
down what your exartner did that made
you feel that exact way. After a
breakup, we tend to see only the good
parts of the relationship. We tend to
see all the good things we're missing
because our brain doesn't really want to
keep the bad memories. It wants to
protect us from bad memories. So it
wants to get us back into that
comfortable and known situation which
was being with your ex. Then it is
connecting being with your ex with all
the good moments with all the good parts
of your relationship. So when you
actually write down the good things and
the bad things of your relationship, you
will start to see on paper how much good
there actually was and how much bad
there actually was. Now you can evaluate
was it really that good or is it just in
your imagination that it was so good?
Were you really in love with that person
or were you in love with the person that
you were around him? The person you're
actually missing is not him. The person
you're missing is yourself. The version
of you that you were when you were
around him. And that is completely
normal because again our bodies, our
souls, our mind likes things that are
comfortable and known. And even though
sometimes the comfortable and the known
are bad, are abuse, are traumatic, we
keep choosing that over and over again
because we are not aware and all we want
to do is to feel comfortable. And if
that means being in an abusive
relationship, we will choose the abusive
relationship over and over again because
once you break up, once you are away
from that toxic cycle, you have
something like withdrawal symptoms. The
withdrawal symptoms from not being in
that abusive cycle anymore. Once you
understand that and you see the good and
the bad sides of that relationship, you
can actually start to heal. And the only
way you can get through this healing
period without running back to your ex,
without spiraling and questioning your
whole worth is through discipline and
emotional regulation. Now, discipline
and emotional regulation are always
important, but especially in this period
of healing, of grieving your ex and the
version of you when you were with him is
probably the most important tool you
will need to get over him and then after
not attract that same type of person
anymore. If you now start to jump into
another relationship, start to just
focus on work and look away and numb
yourself from all the emotions that you
feel, then you will simply be running
into that same toxic or abusive cycle.
And even if it's not toxic or abusive,
it was definitely not serving you.
Otherwise, you would still be with this
person. And doesn't matter if it's
toxic, if it's abusive, or any other way
of not serving your life. If you keep
attracting people in your life that are
not serving your highest good, you will
always be stuck. Now, let's get back to
emotional regulation and discipline. The
best way how you can do that is by as I
already said not distracting yourself
with other men, with work, not numbing
yourself with substances or food or not
eating or any other addictive behaviors.
You do that by understanding how you can
fill yourself. When you look back at
that list that you made and you look at
all the good things you felt when you
were with your ex and what exactly it
was that made you feel like that, you
understand exactly where is your hole?
Where are your shortcomings? Where did
you try to fill your own void with him
on your side? And then do everything in
your power to fill that void. If you
felt cherished and loved by always
having dinner together, start to have
dinner with your friends. Start to have
dinner with yourself and romanticize
your life, your dinner to the max. Light
on candles, turn on nice music, prepare
your favorite food, maybe go to a
cooking course, do things that make this
occasion special again for you with
yourself. When your exartner made you
feel supported and loved and you don't
feel that without your partner, then you
know exactly you have to do something to
make yourself feel loved and supported.
Get a new haircut. Do your hairstyle
differently. Try new makeup. Treat
yourself to a wellness retreat. Treat
yourself to a massage. Go for a walk by
yourself with good music in your ears.
Go to the gym. Take a yoga class. Do
everything possible and find a way to
make yourself feel loved by you, not by
someone else. Many times we put too much
focus on our partner. And our whole
world is revolving around that partner.
It's only about him, his appointments,
what he's doing, how we can get his
approval, how we can get his attention.
And now I want you to put all this focus
back on you. All this attention back on
you. Everything you have outsourced,
insource it back to yourself. And this
is the reason why every woman after a
breakup has her glow up. Every woman
that is deciding to take back her power
instead of spiraling is having the
biggest glow up always. And that's why
even though a breakup is so painful and
a breakup is so uncomfortable and a
breakup brings so much pain, it is the
best thing that can happen to you. If
this was not the person that is supposed
to be with you for the rest of your life
and it obviously was not that person
otherwise you would still be with that
person, then it is your biggest blessing
and you just have to see it. You have to
see the opportunity in that pain. You
have to see that blessing and use it for
your own advantage. I just been through
a breakup myself and even though it
seemed everything so good, it was not
good down the line. Deep down it was not
good. And we both knew that for such a
long time. But we were too comfortable
to let go. We were too comfortable in
that situation, in that misery, and we
were afraid of that next step. We were
both afraid of taking the leap of faith
and saying, "Hey, listen, you know what?
It doesn't work that way. We have to
separate ways." And I tell you, even
though the first few days and weeks it
was so painful and I thought I can't be
without this person anymore, at some
point I chose to see it as a blessing. I
chose to see it as a revelation, as
something that is leading me to my
highest good and not something that is
punishing me. And since then, so many
good things were happening. I'm getting
collaborations. I'm getting money from
all sources. I am driving in my
business. I am taking for the first time
ever responsibility over my life without
outsourcing it, without jumping into the
next relationship, without dating,
without looking for that validation and
that support again in another man. I was
simply sitting with that pain and that
uncomfort. And I said, "Listen, now is
the time to break that cycle. I do not
want to repeat the cycle again. I do not
want to be again in a relationship that
doesn't serve my highest good." And the
only reason why it didn't serve my
highest good was because I didn't serve
my highest good. And you need to always
get into a relationship not from the
place of luck, not from a place of I
want to fill a void because I can't give
that to myself. You want to get into
your next relationship from a place of I
am so full of love, of abundance, of
happiness, of money, of success, of
everything and I want to share that with
a person. That's why you want to get
into relationship. You should never ever
get into dating or a relationship with
the idea of, "Hey, how can this man fill
my void? How can this man fill my lack
of confidence, my lack of love, my lack
of success, my lack of whatever. Do not
mix that up with provision. I do believe
that a man should provide. I do believe
that a man should take care of all
things but not from a place of he has to
do it because otherwise you would be
stranded on the street because that's
coming from a place of luck. However,
this is looking for you. You need to
focus on making yourself and your life
abundant and full. And for some people
this looks like living in a cottage in
the village or even living with your
parents, living with your friends. And
for other people this looks like having
your own apartment, having a portfolio
of real estate, having a business
running. It looks for everyone
different. and only you will know when
you're operating 100% from being
abundant, full and overflowing of love.
I also don't want you to think now you
have to achieve a certain amount of
money. This has nothing to do with
numbers. This has to do only with the
feeling of abundance and feeling of love
and feeling of there is so much in you
that you want to give instead of you're
not 100% and you need to take if that
makes any sense. And another question
you can ask yourself to understand which
void you have inside of you is to ask
instead of why did it end, ask why was I
okay with that in the first place. Why
was I okay with someone shouting at me?
Why was I okay with someone not spoiling
me with love and gifts and treatments?
Why was I okay with someone
being emotionally unavailable? Why was I
okay with someone being broke and not
having the resources to take care of me
and the family? Why was I okay with my
exartner calling me names? Why was I
okay with my exartner being immature and
acting out on his emotions, being
compulsive? Then you will answer those
questions honestly like I was okay with
that because I believed he will change.
I believed in his potential. I believed
that he will be successful one day. I
believed that if he is financially
taking care of me, I do not have
anything to say. I was okay with certain
behavior because I believed I was not
enough and I had to change. All of the
answers reveal so much of the void you
have. And even if you realize, hey,
actually, if I'm being honest with
myself in some situations, I could have
dealed differently. I could have not
only set my boundaries earlier, but I
could have also been softer to him. I
could have been more respectful to him.
I could have been showing more affection
to him. What were the reasons why I
didn't do that? And then you will
answer, I couldn't do that because I
didn't feel safe or I didn't do that
because I didn't feel valued. I didn't
react the right way because I felt
disrespected and I didn't say it for so
long. All of these questions will reveal
so much and will also take away from why
did it end and makes you really reflect
on what was actually happening? Why it
was happening? What is the void inside
of you that brought you to that breakup
that brought you to attracting that kind
of person? Whatever was the reason for
the breakup, the reason for the loss of
the person you love so much and the loss
of the version you were with this
person, I want you to always keep
remembering that it happened for a
reason. Nothing happens because life is
so unfair and life wants to punish you.
It will happen over and over again until
you understand your shortcomings, until
you understand where your responsibility
lies into breaking that cycle. Don't
punish yourself with realizing that you
also made mistakes and the first mistake
you made was by allowing behaviors that
you should never have allowed in the
first place. Let this break up be the
one that is breaking that cycle and let
it be the last one. Never forget life
goes on. We got this. The best we can do
now is to romanticize our lives, focus
on ourselves, and get the biggest glow
up of our life. Thank you so much for
watching. I hope it could help. Let me
know in the comments if you are going
through a breakup right now. which of my
tips could help you best and if you have
any other tips on how we can get through
that breakup healing phase even better,
more quick and more graceful. Thank you
so much for watching. I love you so so
much and I see you in my next video.
Bye-bye.